When I opened the curtain, I thought it was a scary monster.
It was a 17-year-old, old man.
He was wearing a ragged coat and a fox hat.
He was a handsome man.
He was a young and good man.
I was talking in a strange voice.
He was very good at it.
I said,
I'll make you a good man tonight.
He was very kind.
I said,
I'll go fishing and get a girl.
I'll get a girl.
She was the best.
She was a good woman.
The fish shop is full of people.
They are fishing.
They're all serious.
Hello!
What are you fishing for?
Is it a fish trap?
I don't think so.
There is a young man.
What are you fishing for?
I'm fishing.
I'm a fish fisherman.
The shop is full of people.
He got a dance cat at his house.
He wants to make himself a man.
He tries to smuggle jelly fish or fox fries out of his house.
There is also a man with fast feet.
The man has a crow in his eye.
When he leaves the room,
They're really going to chase us away.
Hello?
Can I talk to you?
Look.
What a strange person.
He's been acting strange since the beginning.
I'm begging you. The fish are running away.
What are you saying?
You're begging us to be quiet.
You're all so stubborn.
If you want to eat fish,
you should buy them.
You're always going to catch fish.
What?
You can't just write it down.
You're not writing it down.
You should write it down.
You're like a crab. You're running away.
You're so stupid.
But I'm not happy that you're coming to my place.
You should go to Ichigahashi and buy some fish.
I'm so happy that you're coming.
I really like you.
Let's do a lot of things.
You can blow the wind like this.
If the wind blows,
if the wind blows,
the crow will fly away.
If the wind blows,
the sun will rise.
If the crow flies away,
the wind will rise.
The baby is coming.
The baby is talking to the baby.